fix(.NET): Update Azure Functions (#10089)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/dotnet/guides/azure-functions-worker/index.mdx

## Configure

> Sentry integration with Azure Functions is done by calling `.UseSentry()` and specifying the options. E.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry integration with Azure Functions is done by calling `.UseSentry()` and specifying the options, for example:
```
